[Music]
the film begins by showing a director of
a federal bank who is in a car heading
for his office
when he got out of his car he was seen
being chased by reporters who asked him
about financial problems
a group of people in front of the
computer was seen watching the bank
director
surprisingly the bank director was
suddenly shot when he was about to enter
the office
the group of people in front of this
computer immediately spread the news
about it
the news of the death of the director of
the federal bank had spread so that the
stock market suddenly crashed and it
turned out that they were all planning
it
the scene continued showing two people
leaving the room and getting into the
car and suddenly two people approach
wearing masks
the man named alex was pulled out and it
wasn't long before he was seen in prison
the film also flashed backs to 15 years
earlier about alex's family they are a
small immigrant family from ukraine to
canada for a new life
living in a small town in london all
immigrants expectations of a good life
do not live up to expectations
this family is experiencing financial
difficulties a little alex doesn't have
many friends only his mother's computer
for entertainment
he can access all the information on the
internet he also opened a site to learn
programming code it spurred him to go to
college a strong desire to go to college
will not come true if you expect it from
your parents
he had to save up for his own college he
also started collecting coffers of money
by clicking on advertisements on the
internet as his income and this trick
was done by changing the ip address on
his computer so that he could easily
collect many clicks from these ads
it didn't take long for him to get his
first check for 1000 clicks and get paid
his skills are continuously honed and
the way the world works especially the
financial world
alex also learns about system
vulnerabilities
the scene shows him hearing his parents
fighting
he looks down and decides to go to a
coffee shop
news on television reported about a
cyber attack carried out by a group of
hackers on the dark web led by zedd
after that alex returns to his house and
finds his mother crying and asking about
what happened
his mother showed him a letter from the
bank which contained his mother's
dismissal
he was worried that if they couldn't pay
their monthly bills their house would be
confiscated
alex went to his room and gave all the
money he had saved for college
he gave the money to his mother to pay
bills from the bank so their house would
not be confiscated
of course alex was very upset that the
bank had fired his mother the money that
had accumulated over the years for
college had finally gone to pay for
their house
alex had to start all over again and he
again tried to make money on the
internet and opened the dark website of
an online hacker group that was often
talked about on television lately
a requirement needed to enter there is
to steal a credit card
alex steals data from a schoolmate who
uses his father's credit card alex also
leaked the data to the dark web and
asked someone from the internet about
how to get money
people on the dark web told him to sell
illegal laptops that were shipped in
packages
he had to find a suitable buyer and alex
started selling illegal goods sent by
someone on the dark web
within a month he managed to collect a
lot of money to go back to college
alex who has enough provisions he said
goodbye to his parents and went to the
city for college
he rented an apartment there
now alex can also buy a credit card that
is used to buy luxury goods on the black
market because alex has moved up the
ranks on the dark website
he ended up buying a rolex watch and
trying to resell it at a jewelry store
in chinatown
however he did not manage to sell any of
the clocks
someone approached him from outside the
shop and the person was named sai
sai wanted to try selling alex's watch
to a shop that refused him earlier
sai wants a 30 share if he manages to
sell alex's watch
sai went into the shop and sold alex's
watch which he himself knew was a stolen
watch
he offered to the shopkeeper and went
out the back door
alex asked how psy could do that sai
promised to teach him if alex told him
how to get the watch
the two of them finally worked together
to sell illicit goods to several
customers
shortly in the end they both get so much
money from the sale of illicit goods
back in the scene where alex is in
prison he asks for five minutes to use
the internet
but the prison keeper ignored it the
scene shows back to the previous time
alex gave up his intention to go to
college
he wanted to do something even bigger so
he called psy again
alex wants to teach a corrupt banker a
lesson
psy has relationships in various
services and he asks his friends to take
photos of their customers credit cards
sai also took alex to his friend's strip
club his friend gave him an unlimited
credit card
they intend to use the credit card only
once because it is too risky to use it
repeatedly
they also launched the action and
managed to take the money on the card
and continue to go to the party
relax we're in the money
[Music]
the next morning alex has an idea to
take revenge on banks who fired his
mother
he also asked for psy's help to launch
his revenge
the two of them set off for the canadian
international bank alex will pretend to
be a new customer and go to one of the
customer services
not long after chatting he pretended to
drop the pen
alex installed a flash drive on the
computer and it didn't take long for the
employee's computer to crash
alex rushed off and said he would come
back later when he left the bank the
bank security asked him to come back
because there was a security problem
psy who chased after him was also
arrested by the bank's security
curtis the head of bank security came
and ordered psy to get out of the room
he shows alex's pen drive and asks where
he got it from alex didn't want to
divulge where he got the flash disk from
alex finally spoke because curtis
threatened him to report it to the
police
alex said about the vulnerability of the
system at the bank and the loopholes
that the virus could easily enter
psy who was waiting outside was finally
able to see alex who came out without
being restrained
invisibly here alex may have leaked the
ins and outs of the dark web to curtis
this is because curtis easily frees alex
and curtis seems to have plans against
alex
another scene shows curtis offering a
job to a female inmate this female
inmate is named kira
kira is forced to accept a job from
curtis because she wants her criminal
record to be erased curtis does clearly
have plans for alex and especially about
the dark web
alex is at home he gets a lot of
messages from the dark web and looks
happy when zed likes him
scy gives alex a date via the dark web
there is someone who wants to meet him
the next morning
that night they met and the woman that
alex visited turned out to be kira
they talked until psy called and told
alex to ask kira to help him
alex also asked kira if he wanted to
join them the three of them gathered at
alex's house
kira shows a device for printing and
stealing informations from credit cards
in addition she also teaches the origins
of bitcoin the three of them began to
carry out their actions ranging from
buying jewelry to sports cars using
stolen credit cards
over time kira took the initiative to
sell his watch alone
psy suspects kira because she can sell
all his goods quickly
kira only replied that he was helped by
his uncle who had many business
connections
even when selling a ferrari kira can
sell it easily and make says suspicion
of kira even bigger
psy also asks alex if kira can sell
everything himself why she needs them
both
alex also tells sai that he is only
jealous of kira because she can sell
everything so easily
after making the sale kira spoke to alex
and asked him to move to hong kong
kira intends to leave sai so the two of
them can make a new experiment
however alex said that he could not
leave psy alone sai who was sleeping
overheard their conversation they traded
illicit goods with bigger people the
next day
psy who took part in the transaction was
worried because he did not know who he
was transacting with and thought all
this was too risky
when they wanted to make an agreement
there was a commotion between psy and
kira which resulted in the cancellation
of the agreement with the buyers
kira goes and gets angry with sai for
destroying the transaction that night
when they are at alex's apartment they
see the police checking their truck alex
plans to leave this place because the
police have been stalking them
sai suggested going to hong kong they
went and rented an apartment there and
again launched the action
until one day their stolen credit card
was discovered by the shop owner
the three of them ran before the police
arrived when they look for new buyers at
night in the apartment sy invites them
to celebrate something for his birthday
the three of them went to a nightclub
the scene shows a scene of having fun at
the club until the scene where sai ends
up fighting with the man in the place
sai and alex ended up languishing in the
hong kong police station
then kira guaranteed them to be released
when asked what happened she only
replied that it was his uncle who helped
them
in the morning kira who is with alex
shares her idea about the robbery of an
atm
sai also came and gave some money from
the sale of the goods he had done
he buys and resells goods as he did in
canada
sai told him that he used an unlimited
credit card alex knowing this was angry
with sai because they had promised not
to use the card again
moreover sai used the credit card
without any disguise
alex kicked him out and told him to get
out of there
sai also left them kira and alex commit
the theft at the atm the next day
they withdrew cash from all the atms and
left business cards that said dark web
television reported about atm robbery in
hong kong a little argument between alex
and kira in the apartment
kira wants to end everything and live in
peace while alex doesn't want everything
to stop because the bank has robbed his
parents and they have to get punished
suddenly at the same time there was a
notification on alex's laptop
zed contacts alex and congratulates him
on his success in robbing the atm
alex wants to have a meeting with zedd
but zedd refuses
alex also got a call that seemed to be
from zedd the next morning they both
went by car to somewhere and they both
finally met zedd zed looks like a
[ __ ] and sits in a wheelchair
several questions were asked to find out
why alex wanted to meet zed
alex reveals a plan that will make a lot
of money but zed doesn't care about
money anymore
alex also wants to ask zedd for help so
that his plan can go well
zedd says that he doesn't want anything
wrong because if he works with him and
something goes wrong then their friends
and family will be killed
as they both leave alex gets a missed
call from sai saying he's sorry and
wants to rejoin
sai also said that he would wait for
them at the hotel
when alex and kira arrive at the hotel
they both find sai dead in the bathtub
sai's murder was carried out by a
colombian who knew that his credit card
was used by sai
if sai doesn't return to the hotel alex
and kira will be killed
the incident made them both go far away
by plane they both went and did some
work with zed
zed had already prepared a team and they
were just waiting for orders from him
and again kira invites alex to go after
all this is over
the scene is like in the beginning of
the film shown again where the director
of the world bank is heading to his
office
kira here is seen talking to someone who
seems to be curtis
curtis intends to arrest zed and sue him
for trafficking and fraud
kira wants herself and alex to be safe
but curtis says that he will never see
alex again
another scene shows zedd contacting
someone he intends to disrupt the stock
market
they is in this group preparing to
launch an attack on the director of the
federal bank kira didn't want to do that
but alex reassured kira you see the
director of the federal bank getting out
of the car and getting shot
after that incident this group also made
a news about the shooting of the
director of the federal bank zedd
distributes money to alex for
successfully carrying out his plan
elsewhere you see a man on the hunt who
turns out to be the real director of the
world bank and the one who gets shot
turns out to be an errand man from zed
which causes the stock market to crash
when alex and kira leave the place he is
kidnapped and taken away from there
he wakes up and is in a building with a
broken laptop
alex got out of the place and went by
taxi
alex also tries to contact zed and kira
but the connection has been lost
alex decided to go to bangkok because
kira had told alex the place where they
would meet again
alex and kira once promised to meet
somewhere they didn't expect
he waited for kira every day but never
came alex also kept trying to contact
his parents but there was no answer
in the afternoon alex went to an
internet cafe
alex used a stolen credit card that he
had previously used to rent the internet
cafe
when he opened the dark website it
turned out that the site had been closed
by the government
the cafe keeper found that alex's credit
card could not be used for
transactions it is because the card is a
duplicate the cafe keeper also called
the police
meanwhile alex finds news reporting
about zedd and kira's arrests the news
also reported that kira was shot dead
for trying to escape the fbi
alex couldn't believe what was happening
the police came and arrested alex for
credit card fraud alex went to prison in
thailand alex still believes that kira
is not dead it answers the question why
at the beginning of the film alex tries
to ask prison keeper for internet access
for only five minutes
alex wants to make sure that kira is
still alive however unfortunately alex
was not given the opportunity to access
the internet in prison
after two years alex was released from
prison after getting out of prison he
saw kira who picked him up and it turned
out that kira was still alive
the news on the internet about kira's
death turned out to be a hoax and the
film was finished
this film does not actually show in
detail about hacking however it shows
the art of forging credit cards for
transactions
when viewed in terms of storyline this
film is exciting and interesting to
enjoy